Can you control it a little bit?
Don't be seen by that woman
Brother, I can't help it.
It's braised pork.
Eat when you're hungry
Can I really eat it?
If you don't eat the meat that Dad brought back, who will eat it?
Brother, you eat too
When I was reading
These three little bosses are very distressing
It's more distressing to see the real person
I hope they don't look crooked this time.
Can have a good result
Is this mom going to hit me?
Can you let me finish my meal?
Remember to wash the dishes after eating
Tonight I'll take you and let me sleep
I can't get up tomorrow and eat steamed meat buns by myself
Brother, I think this tomato is pretty good
A few mouthfuls of kenaf and white meat
Yeah, cool.